Good day, watch the video find
Her name is Alexei Taranenko
today rosgosstrakh the beginning of the session
spaces but all have one third
m
The model is based on 58 2 in Estonian
language and different from it with flowers
body materials slightly less thickness
due to another back cover without
the stylus inside remained only externally
seeing a mediator
assembled smartphone is better than its predecessor
how to fasten
location of key connectors
remained unchanged
one by one camera button lock
display volume adjustment
switching on the charger section
micro headphone jack and will bring it down
cable sweet memory card eat and
to get simka need
foreign objects
has changed and equipment
carton only stylus charger
simple headset and memory card for 2
gigabyte i even data cable
fire fast and exactly the same he
finger resistive
not always leading
despite full investigation
design of the older model due to the new
body colors at 400 to 30 looks fresh and
attractively
m
for the sake of value
Wi-Fi was sacrificed for quick
network connectivity will have
use the services of Ukrtelecom
integrated camera lost autofocus
resolution decreased to two
megapixels
photo quality has become relevant
and speakers 5 is only one and not two as in 58 it is on
express language
this is not the best way affected
call volume
which 58 water apparatus does not charge from and
beat up
the version of yourself here is the last one
dynamic as troops lists
the keyboard changes depending on
display orientation
there is a new theme of working
of the table
the speed of the device at the level
other models
not too slow but there is something
strive from the plus model note
free nokia maps service to navigate
Ukraine and the world not to spend
Dear 4 passion card can be advance
download via makeyl cesil
m
many turned out to create a cute and
pretty year whose smartphone by and large
there are no direct competitors
Although it is usually a touch phone, and then samsung
stepping on his heels